course I'm an excellent driver lets me
drive slow on the driveway
there's only 28 miles on the odometer
since I build with a week ago last
Saturday it should be more than 28 miles
[Music]
never touch the steering knowing I'm
driving do you hear me
do you hear me my underwear you're using
me you use accusing Raymond Raymond
Raymond by using you am i using you
Raymond shut up he is answering a
question from a half
[Music]
it is the neck temp yeah what happened
this past week dance with Charlie
Babbitt
or learn how to dance yeah dance with
your brother I know about you but I'm
starting to feel a little silly what
else did you do
kiss Susannah to enjoy kissing a woman I
don't know how's that well Dustin
Hoffman Tom Cruise in a Barry Levinson
film I like having you around my brother
I'm an edge
[Music]
you